Updates contributing guide regarding cosmetic changes (#137)
Hashnode/starter-kit: CONTRIBUTING.md

Reviewer: We can also add a section for community contributed themes and link them in the README like we discussed

- **Integrations**: Building connectors or tools that integrate with other services or platforms.
- **Improvements**: Enhancements that add value without altering the core look and feel in a subjective manner.

**Note: We generally do not accept pull requests that solely make cosmetic changes, such as altering font weight, padding, text decoration, etc unless they solve an existing issue or add a new generic feature. This is because we believe that cosmetic changes are subjective and users might have different preferences.**

If your contribution falls into the above categories, we encourage you to submit a pull request!

### Theme Contributions

While we appreciate the creativity in creating new themes, we want to keep the starter kit streamlined and focused on its core themes: Personal, Enterprise, and Hashnode. Therefore, we do not accept direct PRs for adding new themes to the main repository. Instead, we encourage you to:

1. **Host your theme in a separate repository**.
2. **Deploy your theme to a live demo site**.
3. **Open an issue on our GitHub repository and provide the links in the description.**.

> We will showcase these themes in our README file, allowing others to discover and use them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will showcase these themes under the `Community Themes` section below, allowing others to discover and use them.
```

Author: Done
